'Catalogs' Plugin (#1455)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: CHANGES.rst

Imviz
^^^^^

> - New Catalogs plugin that uses a specified catalog to search for sources in an image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New "Catalog Search" plugin that uses a specified catalog (currently SDSS) to search for sources in an image
```
